Initial commit for CLI section (#2040)
knative/docs: docs/client/README.md

> Knative Client (`kn`) is the Knative command line interface (CLI). `kn` exposes commands for creating and managing applications from the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Knative Client, `kn`, is a command line interface (CLI) for creating and managing Knative applications from the terminal.
```
